Default select menu values (#6442)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Message_Components.md

| options?\*            | array of [select options](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/select-menu-object-select-option-structure)               | Specified choices in a select menu (only required and available for string selects (type `3`); max 25                                                                      |
| channel_types?\*\*    | array of [channel types](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-channel-types)                                            | List of channel types to include in the channel select component (type `8`)                                                                                                |
| placeholder?          | string                                                                                                                    | Placeholder text if nothing is selected; max 150 characters                                                                                                                |

> | default_values?\*\*\* | array of [default value objects](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/select-menu-object-select-default-value-structure) | List of default values for auto-populated select menu components; max of 25 default values                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default_values?\*\*\* | array of [default value objects](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/select-menu-object-select-default-value-structure) | List of default values for auto-populated select menu components; number of default values must be in the range defined by `min_values` and `max_values`                      |
```

| emoji?       | partial [emoji](#DOCS_RESOURCES_EMOJI/emoji-object) object | `id`, `name`, and `animated`                             |
| default?     | boolean                                                    | Will show this option as selected by default             |

###### Select Default Value Structure

| Field | Type      | Description                                                                   |
|-------|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | id    | snowflake | ID of a user, role, or channel                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id    | snowflake | ID of a user, role, or channel; depending on the select menu type                  |
```

> | type  | string    | Type of value that `id` represents. Either `"user"`, `"role"`, or `"channel"` |

Reviewer: Are there plans for select menu default values to support the "default" property like select menu options?

Reviewer 2: what would that be for? presence in default_values makes it a default

Reviewer: Oh I thought default values were like choices but for non string type selects.
In that case, is validation for the min/max_values and proper types (going to be) enforced on default values as well?

Reviewer 3: >  is validation for the min/max_values and proper types (going to be) enforced on default values as well

I can confirm from my testing that those validations are actually enforced

Reviewer: > I can confirm from my testing that those validations are actually enforced

Would be worth noting then imo
